Release notes for Operator 2.2.0. (#3930)
mendix/docs: content/releasenotes/developer-portal/mendix-for-private-cloud.md

## 2021

### December ???, 2021

#### Mendix Operator v2.2.0 and Mendix Gateway Agent v2.2.0

> * To improve the security score of all Mendix for Private Cloud images, we replaced a deprecated [operator-sdk v0.18.2](https://v0-18-x.sdk.operatorframework.io/docs/) dependency with a maintained version of [kubebuilder](https://book.kubebuilder.io/).

Reviewer: Have you checked with Frank about this discussion of security?

Reviewer: Approved by Frank by email.

>   * This update allows us to address [CVE-2020-8565](https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2020-8565), [CVE-2020-26160](https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2020-26160) and [CVE-2020-29652](https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2020-29652). These CVEs do not affect previously released versions Mendix for Private Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * This update allows us to address [CVE-2020-8565](https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2020-8565), [CVE-2020-26160](https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2020-26160) and [CVE-2020-29652](https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2020-29652). These CVEs do not affect previously released versions of Mendix for Private Cloud.
```

>   * This is an internal library change and doesn't change the behavior of any Mendix for Private Cloud components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * This internal library change does not change the behavior of any Mendix for Private Cloud components.
```

> * When switching *Review and Apply* screen in `mxpc-cli`, previous results will be cleared.

Reviewer: Not sure I understand exactly what this is. Would
```suggestion
* When switching to the *Review and Apply* screen in `mxpc-cli`, previous results will be cleared.
```
cover it?

> * We have fixed an issue where attempting to apply a custom TLS configuration in non-interactive mode with `mxpc-cli` failed with a panic error.

Reviewer: What do you mean by a 
> panic error

is this something that customers will recognize?

Reviewer 2: Yes, this was based on an error report from a customer (unfortunately there's no support ticket number that we can reference)

Reviewer: OK, We can leave it there if customers are going to recognize it!
